feat: adding Go bindings to guide (#2)
status-im/nim-c-library-guide: bindings/go-bindings/README.md

# Example Clock Go Bindings

This repository provides Go bindings for the Example Clock library, enabling seamless integration with Go projects.

You can find instructions on how to adapt each file to create Go bindings for your Nim library. All the logic is on `clock.go`

> It is recommended for the Go bindings to on its own repo. For the sake of this guide's usability, we added the code of the bindings as a directory of an existing repo.

Reviewer: Maybe ;P?
```suggestion
It is recommended for the `go-bindings` to be on its own repository. For the sake of this guide's usability, we added the code of the `go-bindings` as a directory within the Nim library implementation inside this repository.
```

> For an example on how it looks on its own repo and how to integrate the module in other Go projects, please refer to [waku-go-bindings](https://github.com/waku-org/waku-go-bindings)

Reviewer: Super nitpick
```suggestion
For an example on how it looks on its own repository and how to integrate the module in other Go projects, please refer to [waku-go-bindings](https://github.com/waku-org/waku-go-bindings)
```
